<!DOCTYPE html SYSTEM "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">

    <head>
        <title>Release Notes</title>
    </head>
    <body>
        <h1>Release Notes</h1>
        <h2>r7 (2014-06-24)</h2>
        <ul>
            <li>added HTTPParser to wmsops-getmap-params-layers-6 test</li>
        </ul>
        <h2>r6 (2014-06-20)</h2>
        <ul>
            <li>Fixed CITE-943: (GetFeatureInfo) tests fail but the response seems valid.</li>
            <li>Fixed CITE-828: In functions:layer-info, look for preferred SRS
                (&quot;EPSG:4326&quot;) if given.</li>
        </ul>
        <h2>r5 (2013-12-10)</h2>
        <ul>
            <li>Fixed CITE-913: Image parser for wms:wmsops-getmap-params-exceptions-5 and
                wms:wmsops-getmap-params-exceptions-6</li>
        </ul>
        <h2>r4 (2013-12-03)</h2>
        <ul>
            <li>Fixed CITE-892: Invalid requests</li>
            <li>Fixed CITE-891: Color and alpha tests fail</li>
            <li>Fixed CITE-886: DTD does not match</li>
            <li>Fixed CITE-828: Broken SRS parameter in some tests</li>
            <li>Fixed CITE-904: Invalid layer/style combinations</li>
        </ul>
        <h2>r3 (2013-02-09)</h2>
        <ul>
            <li>Updated config.xml for TEAM-Engine v4</li>
            <li>Fixed several XPath errors: &quot;A sequence of more than one item is not allowed as
                the first argument of string() (&lt;Name/&gt;, &lt;Name/&gt;, ...)&quot; -&gt;
                select first match.</li>
            <li>Added note about required libraries</li>
        </ul>
        <h2>r2 (2010-11-15)</h2>
        <ul>
            <li>updated release notes. 2010-11-15 (kstegemoller):</li>
            <li>updated &quot;Latest&quot; release notes.2010-08-27 (kstegemoller):</li>
            <li>fixed documentation typo. 2010-08-25 (aschmitz):</li>
            <li>changed transparent value to FALSE as suggested in issue #25. 2010-07-05
                (aschmitz):</li>
        </ul>
        <h2>r1 (2009-10-12)</h2>
        <ul>
            <li>Created revision tag wms-1.1.1 r1. 2009-10-12 (kstegemoller):</li>
        </ul>
        <h2>r0 (2009-10-7) cmorris</h2>
        <ul>
            <li>Fixed tests that did not include a Version parameter (Issue 309)</li>
            <li>Added tests written for NSG that apply to the base WMS specification: <ol>
                    <li>When a layer is requested using escaped characters in its name, the response
                        is a map</li>
                    <li>When an exception is generated, it validates</li>
                    <li>For each format a request with TRANSPARENT=TRUE does not return an
                        exception.</li>
                    <li>For each image format advertised in capabilities, When a GetMap request is
                        made using the image format, then the Content-type entity header returned is
                        the format requested.</li>
                    <li>For each SRS in the capabilities document, when a GetMap request uses the
                        SRS, then the response is valid.</li>
                    <li>For each of the Layers in the capabilities document, when a GetMap request
                        is made with the LAYERS parameter set to the element of the layer, then the
                        response is valid.</li>
                    <li>For each of the Styles in the capabilities document, when a GetMap request
                        is made with the STYLES parameter set to the element of the style, then the
                        response is valid.</li>
                    <li>For each advertised GetFeatureInfo format, when a GetFeatureInfo request is
                        made with the INFO_FORMAT parameter set to the format, then the Content-type
                        header returned is the same.</li>
                </ol>
            </li>
        </ul>
    </body>
</html>
